You don't have it either?
Past life
Why are you back?
Stinky bitch, how dare you steal a man behind my back
Please say it's a misunderstanding
Is it a misunderstanding?
You're just going to have a dog
You are the woman of the group owner
You're too damn tired to live
Holding hands
He seduced me
Then let me go
He stinky bitch seduced me
So what if I seduced you?
You don't even have a hard stool?
Am I not allowed to seduce others?
Do you want me to be a widow?
Who would have thought that one or two of you would be crippled
Not even those people
What kind of men are you?
Pardon me?
Why do you say it twice?
I said you're trash.
He is also a waste
Two unattractive teams with you
Ah!